---
sidebar_label : 'Release Notes'
sidebar_position : 9
---

# What's new

:::tip Tip
You already know, but it doesn't hurt to remember: Always keep your SDK updated with the latest version available.

We use Semantic Versioning to number our versions. Learn more [ here ]( /important-concepts ).
:::

## Version `2.3.7`
``12/08/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.7'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Smartlive version update with interaction.
- Improved error handling when identifying malicious sources.
- hotfix: Camera opening on phones with iOS version below 13.

## Version `2.3.6`
``7/22/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.6'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Image resolution adjustment
- Enabled the Build Libraries for Distribution option. This helps Xcode avoid version locking, so unico modules can be used when newer versions of Xcode or the Swift compiler are used and released to the store.

## Version `2.3.5`
``29/06/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.5'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Hot fix: Automatic closing of the camera when the user puts the application in background
- Hot fix: Cleaning of warnings in the code base



## Version `2.3.4`
``22/06/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.4'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Hot fix: Tweaks to maintain compatibility with Xcode 13

## Version `2.3.3`
``08/06/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.3'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Hot fix: JWT encode in liveness modes active


## Version `2.3.2`
``5/23/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.2'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Hot fix: adjustment in the callback of manual closing of the capture frame with interaction.

## Version `2.3.1`
``5/17/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.1'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Improved image resolution generated by Smartlive with interaction for medium/high quality cell phones.

## Version `2.3.0`
``25/04/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.3.0'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Smartlive SDK version update.
- Possibility of executing the ```prepareSelfieCamera``` and ```prepareDocumentCamera``` methods without the ```json``` file , using a `AccessoBioConfigDataSource` class .

## Version `2.2.1`
``06/04/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.2.1'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Adjust the default theme for the low light mode of the interactive frame.
- Adjustment in customization for the close button of the frame with interaction.

## Version `2.1.3`
``24/03/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.1.3'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Feature flag to be able to select whether or not to display the unio logo.
## Version `2.1.2`
``3/18/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.1.2'
```

This new version has the following adjustment:

- Fixes in the settings, which were preventing the upload of the archive/.ipa to the Apple store.
## Version `2.1.0`
``10/03/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.1.0'
```

This new version has the following improvements:

- We support Swift Package Manager (SPM) package manager.

- We added two new document frames: CNH front and CNH back.


## Version `2.0.5`
``23/02/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.0.5'
```

This new version has the following adjustments:

- Correction in the customization of the Proof of Life functionality. Colors were not being applied to capture mode as they should.

- Correction in error callbacks that were not being invoked in cases of failure in REST requests.

## Version `2.0.4`
``2/15/2022``
```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios', '2.0.4'
````

This new version has the following adjustments:

- Correction in the value of the encrypted property in the return of the object (SelfieResult / DocumentResult).

- Fixed camera aperture when subject object had any color property as null.

- Correction in the close button of the cameras: normal, smart and documents.

- Support for earlier versions of Swift (minimum version: swift 4.2), as long as they follow the prerequisites regarding the minimum version of Xcode (13 or higher).


## Version `2.0.2`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git = > 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios', :tag = > '2.0.2'
```

This new version brings significant improvements over the previous version in terms of documentation.

- Added CPF frame.

- Correction in the implementation of the RG frame.

## Version `2.0.1`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '2.0.1'
```

- Correction in the implementation of customizations.

## Version `2.0.0`
``01/02/2022``
```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '2.0.0'
```

This new version brings significant changes. We recommend updating.

Below, we list the most significant improvements and changes:

- Change in class structure.

- Refactoring of public functions, allowing async return within the function itself.

- Face framing bug fix.

- Refactoring in disableAutoCapture and disableSmartFrame methods.

- Screen crash bug fix after capturing.

## Version `1.2.7`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.7'
```

This version has important fixes and improvements over previous versions.

- The SDK is 16% lighter with the removal of many intra-dependencies and garbage-code removals.

- SDK is more secure with new real-time encryption methods

- The SDK is faster and more accurate in detecting faces with improved AI models for the smart camera.

- It is now possible to configure the maximum session time of your user through the method: [accessBioManager setTimeoutSession:], obtaining the return/callback when it occurs through the method: - (void)systemClosedCameraTimeoutSession.

- It is now possible to configure the maximum time for inference and detection of your user's face through the method: [accessBioManager setTimeoutToFaceInference:], getting the return/callback when it occurs through the method: - (void)systemClosedCameraTimeoutFaceInference.

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `1.2.4`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.4'
```

This version has important corrections and improvements compared to the previous version (1.2.3).

- The SDK is 16% lighter with the removal of many intra-dependencies and garbage-code removals.

- SDK is more secure with new real-time encryption methods

- SDK is faster with new AI models for smart camera.

- We removed all methods that allowed access to Liveness with interaction (until further notice).

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `1.2.3`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.3'
```

- This version has important corrections and improvements compared to the previous version (1.2.2).

- We made corrections in validations involving iPhone 6 and iPhone 5.

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `1.2.2`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.2'
```

This version has important corrections and improvements over the previous version (1.2.1.1).

- It is now possible to customize all visual elements using also colors in hexadecimal format. Remembering that the standard OS formats are still active, such as UIColor for iOS and Colors for Android.

- We've added a new callback method to notify your implementer class the moment the user manually closes the camera.

- We fixed bugs in all documents class that prevented requests to the server properly.

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `1.2.1.1`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.1.1'
```

This version has important corrections compared to the previous version (1.2.1).

- We've added a new callback method to notify your implementer class when the user manually closes the camera.

- We fixed bugs in all documents class that prevented requests to the server properly.

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `1.2.1`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.1'
```

This version has important corrections compared to the previous version (1.2.0).

- We normalized the calculations of biometric points on devices with a retina display, which use @3x scale.

- Now it is no longer necessary to manually add the CenterModelCrop.mlmodel file to the target, this operation was automated on our side. We made centering simpler and faster, reducing user friction when framing the face.

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

## Version `Beta 1.2.0`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.2.0'
```

- As of this version (1.2.0), the single check SDK will no longer have intra-dependencies within the project. These included FirebaseMLVision, AFNetworking, MBProgressHUD among others. Our team brought all the features and advantages that such dependencies brought to the native iOS core, simplifying and reducing the library size by more than 75% compared to the previous version.

## Version `1.1.5`

pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios', :tag => '1.1.5'

- Fixed bug regarding the version of the AFNetworking library, which was preventing the upload to the Apple Store due to the use of WebViews deprecated in the 2020 Guideline.

## Version `1.1.4`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.1.4'
```

- We fixed a bug that prevented the implementation of document capture in DocumentNone mode.

- In the document capture flow, we fixed a bug that prevented the instruction label from being changed according to the selected document.

- Added close button in document capture stream. Allowing the user to return to the previous screen, if desired.

## Version `1.1.3`

```bash
pod 'AcessoBio', :git => 'https://github.com/acesso-io/acessobio-ios' , :tag => '1.1.3'
```

- It is now possible to customize the image of the session reset popup icon within the Liveness flow with interaction.


## Version `1.0.1`

```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios'
```

This new version brings significant improvement over the previous version.

- Bug fix that caused conflicts between swift code developed in our library and swift code developed in the client's project. These conflicts did not allow the application to be uploaded to the Apple Store.

## Version `1.0.0`

```bash
pod 'unicocheck-ios'
```

New repository:

- The acessobio-ios project was a public repository distributed by Cocoapods. Due to the significant improvements and changes that were made, a new repository was created to protect the code in relation to sensitive data. Therefore, the acessobio-ios repository is no longer available.

- The new repository does not affect the implementation.
