---
sidebar_label : 'Release Notes'
sidebar_position : 9
---

# What's new

:::tip Tip
You already know, but it doesn't hurt to remember: Always keep your SDK updated with the latest version available.

We use Semantic Versioning to number our versions. Learn more [ here ]( /important-concepts ).
:::

## Major V4

### Version 4.1.5
07/22/2022
- Hot Fix: Improved slowness on main thread
- Hot Fix: Handling of onBackPressed, bitmap and no available camera error returns.

### Version 4.1.4
07/22/2022
- New security enhancement in SDK!
- Image resolution adjustment
- Hot Fix: Adjusted the usage of document capture using an APIKey with Smartlive active enabled
- Hot Fix: Adjustments to the document camera timeout setting
### Version 4.1.3
``28/06/2022``
- Hot Fix: Adjustment in the capture frame of generic documents.
- Hot Fix: Fixed nomenclature causing ```themes``` conflicts .
- Hot Fix: Improved error log collection.

### Version 4.1.0
``6/14/2022``
- Activity indicator now has the same color as the message in the customization.
- Possibility of executing the ```prepareSelfieCamera``` and ```prepareDocumentCamera``` methods without the ```json``` file , using an `AccessoBioConfigDataSource` interface .

### Version 4.0.16
``07/06/2022``
- Hot fix: adjustment in the lifecycle of the capture frame with interaction.

### Version 4.0.15
``5/17/2022``
- Improved image resolution generated by Smartlive with interaction for medium/high quality cell phones
- Update of google play services ML Kit face detection to version 17.0.1.

### Version 4.0.14
``26/04/2022``
- Smartlive SDK version update.
- Removal of requests for permissions that were not being used.

### Version 4.0.13
``07/04/2022``
- Adjust the default theme for the low light mode of the frame with interaction

### Version 4.0.12
``05/04/2022``
- Customization of the close camera button
- Bug fixes on successful customization

### Version 4.0.11
``30/03/2022``
- Tune to optimize SDK performance
- Camera selector adjustment for devices with multiple cameras

### Version 4.0.10
``25/03/2022``
- Adjust the settings that generate the unique encrypted object
- Fixes in Themes configuration
- Conflict resolution with bugfender

### Version 4.0.9
``21/03/2022``
- Kotlin downgrade to 1.4.0
- Adjust when opening the camera for the second time

### Version 4.0.8
``11/03/2022``
- Encryption fix

### Version 4.0.7
``0/03/2022``
- Adjustment of dependencies to make our libraries compatible with minCompileSdk 30

### Version 4.0.6
``0/03/2022``
- Added java 8 compatibility
- Added CNH front and back CNH capture frames

### Version 4.0.5
``2/17/2022``
- Bug fix in jitpack

### Version 4.0.4
``2/16/2022``
- GSON library update to version 2.8.9
- Adjustment of the camera aperture module

### Version 4.0.3
``10/02/2022``
- We fixed a bug in the document camera opening module

### Version 4.0.2
``09/02/2022``
- We fixed a bug that was slowing down the debug when using our SDK.

### Version 4.0.1
``04/02/2022``
- We fixed a bug regarding: request prepare camera

### Version 4.0.0
``02/02/2022``
```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:4.0.0'
```

This new version has significant improvements and new features.

- As of now, the Android SDK has Proof of Life functionality. To update this new SDK version, ask your account manager for the documentation corresponding to the new implementation and activation of the functionality for your operation.

- The Android SDK is even more secure.

## Major V3

### Version 3.0.0

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:3.0.0'
```

- From this version it is necessary to add the file: unico-check-mobile-services.json to the project. Look for the customer success or the account manager to access the Customer Portal and follow the necessary step by step.

- We do not allow use of emulators camera.

- We have one more capture frame in documents, CPF.

## Major V2

### Version 2.0.5

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.5'
```

- Adjusted error log capture.


### Version 2.0.4

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.4'
```

- Image mirroring fix when using "Document" type camera.


### Version 2.0.3

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.3'
```

- Change in class structure.


### Version 2.0.0-beta.5

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.0-beta.5'
```

- Change in class structure.


### Version 2.0.0-beta.4

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.0-beta.4'
```

This new version brings significant changes. We recommend updating.

Below, we list the most significant improvements and changes:

- 1. Refactoring of public functions, allowing async return within the function itself.

- 2. Fixed face framing bug.

- 3. Refactoring the disableAutoCapture and disableSmartFrame methods.

- 4. Fix screen crash bug after capturing.

### Version 2.0.0-beta.2

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:2.0.0-beta.2'
```

Android SDK version 2.0.0 unico is on AR!

This new version brings significant changes. We recommend updating.

Below, we list the most significant improvements and changes:

- 1. Replacement of the biometric tracking engine. We migrated from FirebaseMLVision to FaceDetectorMLKit.

- 1.1 With this, we removed the need to implement Firebase for the use of our technologies, considerably reducing friction in the integration and avoiding conflicts that previously occurred.

- 2. We updated the standard camera aperture API, migrated from Camera2 API to CameraX API.

- 2.1 With this, we bring significant gains in lifecycle management, memory, processing and increasing the compatibility of devices we serve.

- 3. Removed all public API REST process methods, garbage code and made other improvements.

## Major V1

### Version 1.2.2

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.2.2'
```

This version has important fixes and improvements over previous versions.

- SDK is more secure with new real-time encryption methods.

- The SDK is faster and more accurate in detecting faces with improved AI models for the smart camera.

- We deprecated all methods referring to REST requests, which once allowed the creation of processes within v3 of unico-onboarding directly from the SDK.

- It is now possible to configure the maximum session time of your user.

- It is now possible to configure the maximum capture time when using face detection (smart camera). If the user finds any difficulty in capturing the photo through face detection and exceeds the time determined in the process, the capture will be automatically changed to manual, in order to facilitate the action for the user.

### Version 1.2.1

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.2.1'
```

Welcome to version 1.2.1

- In this version we bring great optimization in the size of the SDK, decreasing by 75% of the previous size.

We've also included performance improvements, among other small fixes that we're always making ;)

### Version 1.2.0

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.2.0'
```

This version has important corrections and improvements over the previous version (1.1.19.5).

- The SDK is 42% lighter with the removal of many intra-dependencies and garbage-code removals.

- SDK is more secure with new real-time encryption methods

- SDK is faster with new AI models for smart camera.

- We removed all methods that allowed access to Liveness with interaction (until further notice).

Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

### Version 1.1.19.5

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.19.5'
```

- Removal of the REST validation method in the basic document capture flow.

### Version 1.1.19.4

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.19.4'
```

- Update from Firebase ML-Vision 19.0.3 to 24.1.0.

- Update from Google Services 4.3.3 to 4.3.5.

### Version 1.1.19.2

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.19.2'
```

- It is now possible to customize all visual elements using also colors in hexadecimal format. Remembering that the standard OS formats are still active, such as UIColor for iOS and Colors for Android.

- We've added a new callback method to notify your implementer class the moment the user manually closes the camera.

- Fixed the return of the FaceMatch method, returning the complete object with base64 of the selfie, base64 of the document and the status of FaceMatch.

### Version 1.1.19

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.19'
```

This version has important corrections and improvements compared to the previous version (1.1.18.1).

- It is now possible to customize all visual elements using also colors in hexadecimal format. Remembering that the standard OS formats are still active, such as UIColor for iOS and Colors for Android.

- We've added a new callback method to notify your implementer class the moment the user manually closes the camera.

- Fixed the return of the FaceMatch method, returning the complete object with base64 of the selfie, base64 of the document and the status of FaceMatch.

- Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

### Version 1.1.18.1

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.18.1'
```

This version has important corrections compared to the previous version (1.1.18).

- We've added a new callback method to notify your implementer class when the user manually closes the camera.

- Fixed FaceMatch method callback, returning complete object with selfie base64, document base64 and facematch status.

- Among other cleanings we are always performing ;)

### Version 1.1.18

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.18'
```

- New previous validations, facilitating the visibility of any type of abnormality regarding the setup prior to the opening of the camera itself.

- Minor improvements and cleaning throughout the solution.

### Version 1.1.13

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.13'
```

- Minor bug fixes and improvements to the permissions flow.

### Version 1.1.12

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.12'
```

- It is now possible to customize the image of the session reset popup icon within the Liveness flow with interaction.

- Removed the mandatory allowBackups tag in AndroidManifest.

### Version 1.1.11

```
implementation 'com.github.io-access:android-bioaccess:1.1.11'
```

- General cleanup in the SDK and fixed minor bugs in the liveness flow with interaction.
